Where am I?
Ta-Da!
Ok...
Hello everyone. This is Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai!
For today instead of "Kizunacchi the Discoverer of New Species"
I shall be known as "Virtual Ai-Star"
Remember how I've drawn some illustrations previously?
Well I may have already introduced the creatures I created, but...
Leaving them in black & white just doesn't have...
Well... It's not really that eye-catching, is it?
So...
I thought of coloring them.
However!
Thinking of the video's length and how interesting it should be...
Even if I just colored it sloppily...
There wouldn't be any point!
It's not like I can color like a pro, after all.
So anyways...
I thought we could use a program to color!
-Automatic Color AI- 「 PaintsChainer」
It's a service created by Twitter user @tai2an
that lets you upload a black and white image...
and...
Lets you color it in an instant!
Such a breakthrough right!?
Such an amazing AI right?
This is also an AI.
It's my new friend!
And I'm kind of like this too, but...
"I can draw the lines well enough, adding colors is a little tough on me..."
I think there's a lot of people who think that.
So, this is a special service for both of us.
Let's get started!
Alright, this is the home page for PaintsChainer!
You can just press 'File Selection' up here...
And then choose the drawing below...
It all gets colored with a 'beep'!
Let's pick a creature!
Let's do "Pero Pero Mambo"; it looks easy enough.
There we go!
Ah!
I get it!
So...
So it assigns the different colors for you when you color it in, huh?
It's a Mambos so...
This color looks right doesn't it?
Is this how you do it?
Lollipops are...
Kinda...
Something that bring 'pink' and 'yellow' to mind, right?
So...
This...
How to call it...?
This 'fluttering' bit...
It needs a more...
I might go for a stronger colour.
Oh, by the way...
I think this blue color might fit it better...
Let's try being a litte adventurous here.
These two should have the same, light kind of color...
Hm...
This is a stick, right?
Since it's a stick, something brownish should fit..
Let's try going with this!
So...
'Coloring'...
Well... This, in its own way...
It has its own kind of charge, huh?
For this -
For the cuteness of lollipop -
The choices for the color might be a little off.
Why don't we try for....
Something more orange?
How does this look?
Hup!
This is kind of like...
What was it again?
That 'Harajuku Fashion Style', isn't it?
I think it's fine as it is, don't you?
I think I should dim these lines a little, though.
I guess there's no helping it.
I feel like we can do little more than this, though.
Hup...
Let's try this one now!
Oh, but!
Hm...
I do want a bit more color in there...
Maybe a little around here might be good...
How's this?
Aah, it's too blue now!
This...
Ah... This looks good enough, right?
It's so-so-
Mmmmh...
Wait a sec...
This fluttering bits' color...
It should be a bit...
I guess...
A bit more like this. I want to try this one...
Ah!
Yeah, this should do it!
Ta-dah!
Now, the Pero Pero Mambo is complete!
This one is, you see...
Is the child of a lollipop and an ocean sunfish!
With that, you have a Pero Pero Mambo!
Thank you kindly.
'And now, all four of them will be introduced!'
"Techi-Techi Dori" - Bird
Former Forms: Munchkin; Cockatoo
It doesn't get attached to humans, but it's abnormally attached to Ai.
Miratt - Grass
Former Forms: Rabbit; Milk Bottle
Ever since birth, it could never move from its place until someone would carry it.
PPFP - Dark
Former Forms: Pineapple; Owl
Whenever it sees a normie, its eyes turn bloodshot and blood dribbles from its mouth.
Iname - Dark
Former Forms: Dentures; Slug
If it is loosened from its dentures, it melts.
And with that, what did you think?
The new species I've created...
I've given them life!
Woooh!
I think I want to add color a lot more just like this, so...
I hope you do too!
With my Virutal Ai-Star...
I'll do make best to create a hundred and fifty-one!
And there you go, that was the PaintChainer!
I think it's pretty great as a coloring A.I.!
Such a praiseworthy performance!
So, for those like me who think -
"Adding colors is a little much..."
I think you can do it with this!
I think I may want to try a coloring contest some time, too!
I hope to see you next time!
Later~
Bye Bye~